Adding asdf as an unsupported installation option (#3262)
com-lihaoyi/mill: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/Installation_IDE_Support.adoc

Installing mill via `coursier` or `cs` is currently not officially supported.
There are various issues, especially with interactive mode.

> === Asdf (unsupported)
> 
> Installing mill via `asdf` is currently not officially supported.
> 
> But you can try to install mill using the `asdf-mill` plugin:
> [source,bash,subs="verbatim,attributes"]
> ---
> asdf plugin add mill
> asdf install mill latest
> asdf global mill latest
> ---
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Asdf (unsupported)

You can install and manage Mill via the Multiple Runtime Version Manager - https://asdf-vm.com/[`asdf`].

Support by `asdf` is currently possible by using the https://github.com/asdf-community/asdf-mill[`asdf-mill` plugin]:

.Steps to install the `mill` plugin and Mill with `asdf` 
[source,bash]
---
asdf plugin add mill
asdf install mill latest
asdf global mill latest
---

```
